Joshua Milian

Assignment \#10

 

 

Python

·        A new programming language used during this semester for an
assignment for an API project

·        Pros: Python was a user-friendly language and would be easy for
newcomers that wants to code

·        Cons: To be honest I didn't feel there was any downside to
using Python

GitHub

·        Used to upload code/assignments to our GitHub respiratory and
they also have their own version of terminal

·        Pros: Fairly easy to use and was able to see what everyone was
working on

·        Cons: Had a hard time remembering their command prompts for
their terminals and its fairly a lot of commands

Scheme

·        A new programming language used during the semester for an
assignment where we create a function to check is a list is palindrome
and to merge two lists together.

·        Pros: It's simple syntax, easy to learn, functional programming

·        Cons: Hard a bit of a hard time to figure out the palindrome
algorithm

Subversion Repository

·        Used for an assignment and notice differences between
centralized and decentralized models

·        Pros: There isn't any pros for the subversion because GitHub is
a lot easier to use

·        Cons: Very difficult to use in my opinion

Web Group Project

·        Was assigned a group project with about 4-6 people per group to
create our own website.

·        Pros: Gain more experience on how to use Python, GitHub, Flask,
communication skills and how to create a website

·        Cons: Felt like it wasn't enough time to finish because of the
others classes I had to concentrate for but other than that it was a
great experience

Yaml

·        Used for an assignment to convert our python program into Yaml
language

·        Pros: It's simple syntax, easy to learn

·        Cons: It was time consuming, took me a bit to convert the
python in Yaml

 

API

·        Used for an assignment to grab data from a website and use it
on our own page

·        Pros: Very easy to get access to an API key and very easy to
use

·        Cons: Not all websites provides API keys to use

Pandoc

·        Used for an extra credit assignment where we generate pdfs from
markdown files.

·        Pros: Very easy to install

·        Cons: Had a warning pop up for when downloading the Pandoc
which took me a while to deicide to download
